1.18 Add response metadata section for Azure App Configuration (#5118)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-configuration-stores/azure-appconfig-configuration-store.md

GET curl http://localhost:<daprPort>/v1.0/configuration/<store-name>?key=<key name>&metadata.label=<label value>
```

## Azure App Configuration response metadata

> When retrieving configuration items from Azure App Configuration, Dapr includes Azure setting properties in each returned item's metadata (under `items.<key>.metadata`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When retrieving configuration items from Azure App Configuration, Dapr includes the following Azure properties in each returned configuration item's metadata. This is included under `items.<key>.metadata` in the payload:
```

> - `label`: The label set for the key-value.

Reviewer: worth adding https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-app-configuration/rest-api ?

Author: have already added this to the docs - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-app-configuration/concept-key-value#use-content-type

- `contentType`: The content type set for the key-value, for example `application/json`.

> If a property is not set on the Azure App Configuration setting, that metadata entry is omitted from the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a property is not set on the Azure App Configuration item, that metadata entry is omitted from the response.
```
